small edits to the benchmark readme (#286)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: src/deepsparse/benchmark_model/README.md

limitations under the License.
-->

> # Benchmarking 📜

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Benchmarking ONNX Models
```

Reviewer: It's not clear to me if one is Benchmarking [whatever that icon is] but at minimum, always good to provide some clarity in a doc headline.
Also noting to self/the royal we, if we convert this to Docs at some point, not understood yet how icons convert as we don't have that as part of a style/messaging guide.

> `deepsparse.benchmark` is a command-line (CLI) tool for benchmarking our engine with ONNX models. The tool will parse the arguments, download/compile the network into the DeepSparse Engine, generate input tensors, and execute the model depending on the chosen scenario. By default, it will choose a multi-stream or asynchronous mode to optimize for throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deepsparse.benchmark` is a command-line (CLI) tool for benchmarking the DeepSparse Engine with ONNX models. The tool will parse the arguments, download/compile the network into the engine, generate input tensors, and execute the model depending on the chosen scenario. By default, it will choose a multi-stream or asynchronous mode to optimize for throughput.
```

> The `deepsparse.benchmark` is a command-line (CLI) tool for benchmarking our engine with ONNX models. The tool will parse the arguments, download/compile the network into the DeepSparse Engine, generate input tensors, and execute the model depending on the chosen scenario. By default, it will choose a multi-stream or asynchronous mode to optimize for throughput.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`deepsparse.benchmark` is a command-line (CLI) tool for benchmarking our engine with ONNX models. The tool will parse the arguments, download/compile the network into the DeepSparse Engine, generate input tensors, and execute the model depending on the chosen scenario. By default, it will choose a multi-stream or asynchronous mode to optimize for throughput.
```

> ### Quickstart

Reviewer: I believe by convention we've been following markdown standards so this would be a headline 2 or ##? Are we changing it up?

Author: yep it's two

> After `pip install deepsparse`, the benchmark tool is available on your CLI. For example, to benchmark a dense BERT ONNX model fine-tuned on the SST-2 dataset where the model path is the minimum input required to get started, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After `pip install deepsparse`, the benchmark tool is available on your CLI. For example, to benchmark a dense BERT ONNX model fine-tuned on the SST2 dataset where the model path is the minimum input required to get started, run:
```

> After `pip install deepsparse`, the benchmark tool is available on your CLI. Here's an example of benchmarking a dense BERT ONNX model fine-tuned on the SST-2 dataset, the model path is the minimum input required to get started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After `pip install deepsparse`, the benchmark tool is available on your CLI. Here's an example of benchmarking a dense BERT ONNX model fine-tuned on the SST-2 dataset; the model path is the minimum input required to get started:
```

```
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/text_classification/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none
```
__ __
## Usage

> In most cases, good performance will be found in the default options so it can be as simple as running the command with a SparseZoo model stub or your local ONNX model. However, if you prefer to customize benchmarking for your personal use-case, you can run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` or `--help` to view your usage options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, good performance will be found in the default options so it can be as simple as running the command with a SparseZoo model stub or your local ONNX model. However, if you prefer to customize benchmarking for your personal use case, you can run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` or with `--help` to view your usage options:
```

CLI Arguments:
```
positional arguments:

>   model_path                    Path to an ONNX model file or SparseZoo model stub

Reviewer: All the descriptors for the arguments need periods at the end; I realize that the actual tool file also should have these edits. If you look in this list, they're not consistent?

Author: yea they're both in inconsistent state will add periods to both sections.

                                The number of seconds the benchmark will warmup before
                                running.Default is 2 seconds.

-nstreams NUM_STREAMS, --num_streams NUM_STREAMS
                                The number of streams that will submit inferences in
                                parallel using async scenario. Default is
                                automatically determined for given hardware and may be
                                sub-optimal.

-pin {none,core,numa}, --thread_pinning {none,core,numa}
                                Enable binding threads to cores ('core' the default),
                                threads to cores on sockets ('numa'), or disable
                                ('none').

-e {deepsparse,onnxruntime}, --engine {deepsparse,onnxruntime}
                                Inference engine backend to run eval on. Choices are
                                'deepsparse', 'onnxruntime'. Default is 'deepsparse'.

-q, --quiet                     Lower logging verbosity.

-x EXPORT_PATH, --export_path EXPORT_PATH
                                Store results into a JSON file.
```

> 💡PRO-TIP💡: save your benchmark results in a convenient JSON file!

Reviewer: I don't think I have ever seen pro tip hyphenated? [https://www.google.com/search?q=pro-tip](https://www.google.com/search?q=pro-tip)

> Example CLI command for benchmarking an ONNX model from the SparseZoo and saving results to a `benchmark.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example CLI command for benchmarking an ONNX model from the SparseZoo and saving the results to a `benchmark.json` file:
```

```
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/text_classification/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none -x benchmark.json
```

> Output JSON file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output of the JSON file:
```

![alt text](./img/json_output.png)

> ## Sample CLI argument configurations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sample CLI Argument Configurations:
```

> ## Sample CLI Argument Configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample CLI Argument Configurations
```

                                        sub-optimal.

        -pin {none,core,numa}, --thread_pinning {none,core,numa}
                                        Enable binding threads to cores ('core' the default),
                                        threads to cores on sockets ('numa'), or disable
                                        ('none').

        -e {deepsparse,onnxruntime}, --engine {deepsparse,onnxruntime}
                                        Inference engine backend to run eval on. Choices are
                                        'deepsparse', 'onnxruntime'. Default is 'deepsparse'.

        -q, --quiet                     Lower logging verbosity.

        -x EXPORT_PATH, --export_path EXPORT_PATH
                                        Store results into a JSON file.
```
💡**PRO TIP**💡: save your benchmark results in a convenient JSON file!

Example CLI command for benchmarking an ONNX model from the SparseZoo and saving the results to a `benchmark.json` file:

```
deepsparse.benchmark zoo:nlp/text_classification/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/base-none -x benchmark.json
```
Output of the JSON file:

![alt text](./img/json_output.png)

> ## Sample CLI argument configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sample CLI Argument Configurations
```

Iterations: 840
```

> **BERT 3-layer FP32 Sparse Latency**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BERT 3-layer FP32 Sparse Latency**
```

Iterations: 840
```

**BERT 3-layer FP32 Sparse Latency**

> Here we add the `-s sync` to select *synchronous inference scenario*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a *synchronous inference scenario*, add `-s sync`:
```
